[Music]
you're allison
yeah you're gabe
hi i'm alison oh i know i'm blair
you're really pretty you are too
you used to be an actress and now you're
a director why'd you give it up
i didn't
so do you guys have a plan for this
place i don't really know what we're
doing
we were living in brooklyn and it was
getting so expensive
and we weren't really working so
i figured if um i never learned how to
cook then i would never become a
housewife
you're really hard to read yeah you know
what i get that all the time
do you find it weird acting in your own
films
i actually find it kind of humiliating
roll sound mark okay whenever you're
ready action
you don't think she knows what i'm up to
she's oversimplifying a lot it's just so
rare to pick a real artist's brain
how can you make something if you don't
have anything to say i have something to
say i just think the movie is the only
way to say it
it's like she can't stand the fact that
i have a single thought about this world
no it's that i can't stand the thoughts
about the world that you have
this has been so fun
you don't love me anymore
leave me alone now i'm wondering what
kind of mind games you're playing with
me
it's my husband okay claire
can you calm down a little bit me
i've been lying since the second i got
here
you're in love with her you are i know
this is what you wanted okay this is
going to ruin us
okay i just want to be normal people
again
[Music]